config: verify failover and election mode consistency (#9433)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-verify-failover-and-election-mode.md

## bugfix/config

> * `replication.election_mode != off` is forbidden if `replication.failover !=
>   election` (gh-9431).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Now `replication.election_mode` values other than `off` are possible
    only if ``replication.failover` value is `election` (gh-9431).
```

Author: Done.
